4
Computers Make the World Smaller and Smarter

The ability of tiny computing devices to control complex operations has transformed the way many tasks are performed, ranging from scientific research
to producing consumer products. Tiny computers on a chip are used in medical equipment, home appliances, cars and toys. Workers use handheld computing devices
to collect date at a customer site, to generate forms, to control inventory, and to serve as dektop organisers.

Not only is computing equipment getting smaller, it is getting more sophisticated. Computers are part  of many machines and devices that once required 
continual human supervision and control. Today, computers in security systems result in safer enviroments, computerrs in cars improve energy efficiency, 
and computers in phones provide feautures such as call forwarding, call monitoring, and call answering.

These smart machines are designed to take over some of the basic tasks previously performed by people; by so ding, they make life a little easier and
a little more pleasant. Smart cards store vital information such as health records, drivers licenses, bank balances, and so on. Smart phones, cars,
and appliances with built in computers can be programmed to better meet individual needs. A smart house has a built-in monitoring system that can turn lights
on and off, open and close windows, operate the oven, and more.

With small computing devices available for performing snart tasks like cooking dinner, programming the DVD recorder, and controlling the flow of information
in an organization, people are able to spend more time doing what they often do best - being creative. Computers can help people work more creatively.

Multimedia systems are known for their educational and entertainment value, which we call edutainment. Multimedia combines text with sound, video, animation,
and graphics, which greatly enhances the interaction between user and machine and can make information more interesting and appleaing to people.
